4.1-Plan Introduction Section
  Our project is a fighting 2D pirate game. We wanted to create this game because creating games is all something we are interested in and we wanted to create 
  something easy to play for even people that dont't often play games. Our schedule or "gameplan" goes as follows.
  Week 4: Have a menu screen that works and is straightforward that looks good
  Week 8: The characters can move, fight, block, jump, etc.
  Week 10: The different maps are complete and usable
  Week 12: Make it all work together
  Week 15: Have it so that the characters all have a special move that works
  Week 17: Game is complete and finalized so that we can all test it/play it.
4.1.1-Project Deliverables Section
  in week 4 we have a menu screen that works and a way to log in and out.
  in week 8 our characters will have full functionality so our players can move them around and fight.
  in week 10 we have multiple different maps for the characters to move around in
  in week 12 it all comes together and we make sure there are no bugs
  in week 15 the characters will have their special move
  in week 17 the game will be complete and playable.
4.2-Project Resources Section
  We will be using unity and have a graphic designer and a few of us will also be using blender.
4.2.1-Hardware Resources Section
  Development Hardware:
- Windows Computer
   Intel i5 CPU, 8GB RAM, SSD storage
   Integrated graphics, Ethernet connection
   USB 3.0 ports, dual monitor support
- Graphics Tablet
   Drawing surface to design new sprites
  Execution Hardware:
- Windows Computer  
  Dual-core CPU, 4GB RAM, integrated graphics
  Ethernet connection
4.2.2-Software Resources Section
- Unity LTS game engine
- Visual Studio Community Edition IDE
- Blender 3.6 for 3D modeling and animation
- GIMP for 2D sprite editing and texture creation
- Git version control system
- GitHub Desktop for repository management
4.3-Project Organization Section
  All our members of the team will be working on everything, We will be meeting every thrusday or friday to work on and discuss things that need to be done. We will discuss each deadline we have and every individual
  will have an assignment to finish by that deadline after we have discussed.
4.4-Schedule Section
  The process is outlined alsoin 4.1.1
  in week 4 we have a menu screen that works and a way to log in and out.
  in week 8 our characters will have full functionality so our players can move them around and fight.
  in week 10 we have multiple different maps for the characters to move around in
  in week 12 it all comes together and we make sure there are no bugs
  in week 15 the characters will have their special move
  in week 17 the game will be complete and playable.
4.4.1-PERT/GANTT Chart Section
  
4.4.2-Task/Resource Table Section
  Character Movement System -  Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad- Unity - Week 1-2 
  Combat Mechanics Implementation -Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - Windows PC, Unity, Controllers - Week 3-4
  Character Sprite Creation - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - Graphics tablet, GIMP, Blender - Week 2-5
  Character Animations - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - Blender, Unity - Week 4-6
  UI System Development - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - Week 5-7
  Level Background Art - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - Week 8-9
  Special Moves Programming - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad, Artist - Unity, Blender - Week 10-12
  Testing and Polish - Kushal, Doug, Curtis, Ahamad - All hardware and software - Week 13-15
